doc: Added docs for available OT networking options in Matter (#23335)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/thread/configuring.rst

Enable OpenThread in the |NCS|
==============================

You can enable the Thread protocol in the |NCS| by using the Zephyr networking layer or by passing Thread frames directly to the nRF 802.15.4 radio driver.

* To use the Thread protocol with Zephyr networking layer, enable the following Kconfig options:

  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NETWORKING` - This option enables a generic link layer and the IP networking support.
  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NET_L2_OPENTHREAD` - This option enables the OpenThread stack required for operating the Thread protocol effectively.

> * To use the Thread protocol and nRF 802.15.4 radio directly, disable the previous Kconfig options, and enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_OPENTHREAD` option.
>   It enables the OpenThread stack, allowing the direct use of the nRF 802.15.4 radio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To use the Thread protocol and nRF 802.15.4 radio directly, disable the previous Kconfig options and enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_OPENTHREAD` option.
  This enables the OpenThread stack, allowing for direct use of the nRF 802.15.4 radio.
```
